Update release process (#540)
kyma-project/test-infra: docs/prow/release-process.md

```

6. Wait until all jobs for components and tools finish.
`kyma-integration`, `kyma-gke-integration`, `kyma-gke-upgrade`, `kyma-artifacts`, and `kyma-installer` jobs need to be executed manually because there
are dependencies between these jobs. See the diagram for details:

![](./assets/kyma-rel-jobs.svg)

7. Execute `kyma-integration` by adding the `/test pre-rel06-kyma-integration` comment to the PR.

8. Execute `kyma-installer` and `kyma-artifacts` one after another.
You don't have to wait until the `pre-rel06-kyma-integration` job finishes.

> 9. Execute `kyma-gke-integration` and `kyma-gke-upgrade`. You must wait until the jobs from step 8th are finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Execute `kyma-gke-integration` and `kyma-gke-upgrade`. Wait until the jobs from step 8 are finished.
```
